README.md, before:

# Yob-Ticketing

![My Image](https://i.ibb.co/wwRnh7r/yob.png)

## Description
Yob is a ticket booking Dapp offers secure, fast and decentralized transactions for booking tickets online. It eliminates the need for intermediaries and ensures data privacy, reducing fraud and enabling efficient ticketing.

The purpose of this Yob is to provide a platform for the sale and purchase of event tickets,Users can purchase tickets for events through the smart contract and their purchases will be recorded and tracked.

## Technologies Used
1. Solidity
1. Next.js
2. Hardhat
3. celo [Alphajores testnet](https://explorer.celo.org/alfajores/)
 
## Prerequisite
1. Install the Metamask wallet/ celo wallet
2. Create a wallet.
3. Get some [Celo Faucet](https://faucet.celo.org/alfajores) and get tokens for the alfajores testnet.

## Getting Started

First, Clone the repo:
```bash 
git ccone https://github.com/Muhindo-Galien/Yob-Ticketing-dapp
```

Then,run the development server:

```bash

npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Thank you

Commit message:

Added relevant links
- Added conclusion to READ.me to make it complete.
- Corrected grammatical errors.
- Added punctuation marks wherever, required.
- Added spacing between sentences to make the document look neat.

README.md, after:

# Yob-Ticketing:

![My Image](https://i.ibb.co/wwRnh7r/yob.png)

## Description:

Yob is a ticket booking Dapp which offers secure, fast and decentralized transactions for booking tickets online. It eliminates the need for intermediaries and ensures data privacy, reducing fraud and enabling efficient ticketing.

The purpose of this project is to provide a platform for the sale and purchase of event tickets, users can purchase tickets for events through the Smart Contract and their purchases will be recorded and tracked.

## Technologies Used:

1. [Solidity](https://sourceforge.net/projects/solidity.mirror/)
1. [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
2. [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/)
3. celo [Alphajores testnet](https://explorer.celo.org/alfajores/)
 
## Pre-requisite:

1. Install the [Metamask wallet](https://metamask.io/download/)/ [celo wallet](https://celowallet.app/setup).
2. Install [Celo Faucet](https://faucet.celo.org/alfajores) and get tokens for the alfajores testnet.

## Let's get started:

First, Clone the repo:

```bash 
git ccone https://github.com/Muhindo-Galien/Yob-Ticketing-dapp
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash

npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Conclusion:

Therefore, the Yob ticketing dapp is a decentralized application that facilitates the buying and selling of tickets for events using blockchain technology. It provides a secure and transparent platform for event organizers and ticket buyers, eliminating the need for intermediaries and reducing the risk of fraud.

### Thank you!!
